c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.exe.config
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmDashboard.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmMainInventoryForm.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmViewInventory.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmUpdateInventory.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmAddInventory.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmDeleteInventory.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmReceiving.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmTransaction.resources
c:\users\andrea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmViewAllInventory.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmReplenish.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmAddDepartment.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmDeleteDepartment.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmUpdateDepartment.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmViewDepartments.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.frmOrderItem.resources
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem.mdf
C:\Users\andrea\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagementSystem\InventoryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\InventoryManagementSystem_log.ldf
